Two small additions: watching/unwatching and organizations (#132)
coderefinery/git-collaborative: _episodes/02-centralized.md

### After participants have been added as collaborators

> ## Watching and unwatching repositories
>
> - Now that you are a collaborator, you get notified about new issues and pull
>   requests via email.
> - If you do not wish this, you can "unwatch" a repository (top of the project page).

> > - However, we recommend watching repositories you are interested in. You can learn things from experts passively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - However, we recommend watching repositories you are interested in. You can learn things from experts just by
>   watching the activity that come through.
```
